Migrate gym to gymnasium (#6309)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: com.unity.ml-agents/Documentation~/ML-Agents-Overview.md

- **External Communicator** - which connects the Learning Environment with the Python Low-Level API. It lives within the Learning Environment.
- **Python Trainers** which contains all the machine learning algorithms that enable training agents. The algorithms are implemented in Python and are part of their own `mlagents` Python package. The package exposes a single command-line utility `mlagents-learn` that supports all the training methods and options outlined in this document. The Python Trainers interface solely with the Python Low-Level API.

> - **Gym Wrapper** (not pictured). A common way in which machine learning researchers interact with simulation environments is via a wrapper provided by the Farama Foundation called [gymnasium](https://gymnasium.farama.org/) (formerly OpenAI `gym`). We provide a gym wrapper in the `ml-agents-envs` package and [instructions](Python-Gym-API.md) for using it with existing machine learning algorithms which utilize gymnasium.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Gym Wrapper** (not pictured). A common way in which machine learning researchers interact with simulation environments is via a wrapper provided by the Farama Foundation called [gymnasium](https://gymnasium.farama.org/) (formerly OpenAI `gym`). Unity provides a gym wrapper in the `ml-agents-envs` package and [instructions](Python-Gym-API.md) for using it with existing machine learning algorithms which utilize gymnasium.
```
